= letsfreckle-client

letsfreckle-client is a Ruby client for accessing the Let's Freckle API.
Let's Freckle is an intuitive time-tracking service.
See http://www.letsfreckle.com for more information.

API information can be found at http://madrobby.github.com/freckle-apidocs/

== Installation

letsfreckle-client is available as a RubyGem:

    gem install letsfreckle-client

== Examples

The following examples show how to access functions of the API. In order to use
the client, you must have an API token. You can access your token via your
letsfreckle.com settings/profile. Note that currently letsfreckle.com hosts
a sample API test account, which the following examples utilize.

=== Example:

    # Configure the client before fetching data.
    LetsFreckle.configure do
      account_host "apitest"
      username "apitest@letsfreckle.com"
      token "lx3gi6pxdjtjn57afp8c2bv1me7g89j"
    end

    # Fetch all entries.
    LetsFreckle::Entry.all.each do |entry|
      puts "Entry #{entry.description} - #{entry.minutes} minutes"
    end

    # Search for entries from a specific start date and tags
    LetsFreckle::Entry.find(:from => '2010-07-10', :tags => ['development', 'design']).each do |entry|
      puts entry.description
    end

    # Fetch all projects and associated entries
    LetsFreckle::Project.all.each do |project|
      puts "Project #{project.name} has #{project.entries.size} entries"
    end

    # Fetch all tags and associated entries
    LetsFreckle::Tag.all.each do |tag|
      puts "Tag #{tag.name} has #{tag.entries.size} entries"
    end

    # Fetch all users and associated permissions
    LetsFreckle::User.all.each do |user|
      puts "User #{user.email} has following permissions: #{user.permissions}"
    end

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history. (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Authors

* Ryan LeCompte

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Ryan LeCompte. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

